title:
Jaamacada Carabta

url:
https://so.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4827

text:
[ 1 ] .:

Jaamacada Carabta ama Dowladda Jaamacadda Carabta waa urur kulmiya wadamada carabta.Waa urur kulmiya wadamo kuyaala Afrika iyo Aasiya xubnaha kujira waxaa looyaqaana dawldo caraba.waa dawlado wadaaga arimo dhaqaale iyo arimo siyaasadeed. waxaana ka dhexeeya xidhiidho aad iyo aad ubadan
Wadamada xubnaha ka ah Jaamacadda Carabta waxay daboolayaan in ka badan 13,000,000 km2 (5,000,000 sq m) iyo waliba laba qaaradood oo kala duwan: Afrika iyo Aasiya.

Goobtaasi waxay ka kooban tahay lamadegalka duurka, sida Sahara. Si kastaba ha ahaatee, waxaa sidoo kale ku jira dhulal badan oo aad u sarreeya sida Dooxada Nile, Dooxada Jubba iyo Dooxada Shebelle ee Geeska Afrika , Buuraleyda Atlas ee Maghreb, iyo Bariiska Fertile ee sii fidiya Mesopotamia iyo Levant. Aagga ayaa ka kooban kaymo qoto dheer oo ku yaal koonfurta Carabta iyo qaybo ka mid ah webiga ugu dheer dunida, Niilka.

Qowmiyad-kala-duwan, diini ah, iyo luuqado badan. Diin-badan, Luuqado badan, & Qowmiyado kala duwan.Luuqadaha badan, Qowmiyadaha kala duwan, & Diimaha badan; oo macneheedu yahay Dhaqamada kala duwan ee wayn.

Jaartarka Jaamacadda Carabta, oo sidoo kale loo yaqaano Heshiiska Jaamacadda Carabta, ayaa ah heshiiskii aasaasay ee Jaamacadda Carabta. 1945-kii la aqbalay, waxa uu dhigayaa in "Ururka Jaamacadda Carabtu uu ka kooban yahay Dawladaha Carbeed ee madaxbannaan oo saxiixay Heshiiskan.".
Markii hore, 1945, waxaa jiray lix xubnood oo keliya. Maanta, Jaamacadda Carabta waxay leedahay 22 xubnood, oo ay ka mid yihiin saddex dal oo Afrikaan ah oo ka kala yimi qaybaha ugu waaweyn (Sudan, Algeria iyo Liibiya) iyo waddanka ugu weyn ee Bariga Dhexe (Sacuudi Carabiya).
Shan waddan waxay leeyihiin xaalad kormeeree oo xaq u siinaya inay muujiyaan ra'yigooda oo ay bixiyaan talo laakiin waxay diidaan xuquuqda codbixinta. Jaamacadda Carab tu waxay u qaybsantaa shan qaybood marka ay timaado gaadiidka, jasiiradda Carabta iyo Bariga dhow ayaa si buuxda ugu xiran hawada, badda, waddooyinka iyo tareenada. Qeyb kale oo ka mid ah League waa dooxada Niil, oo ka kooban Masar iyo Suudaan. Labadan dawladood waxay bilaabeen inay hagaajiyaan nidaamka Nile Nile ee habka safarka si loo wanaajiyo helitaanka iyo sida ganacsi loo korsado. Nidaamka tareenada cusub ayaa sidoo kale lagu wadaa inuu ku xiro magaalada koonfurta Masar ee Abu Simbel iyo waqooyiga Suudaan ee Wadi Halfa iyo ka dibna Khartoum iyo Port Sudan. Qaybta saddexaad ee horyaalka waa Maghreb, halkaas oo 3,000 km oo gawaarida gawaarida ah ay ka socdaan magaalooyinka koonfurta ee Morocco ilaa Tripoli oo ku yaala galbeedka Libya. Qaybta afaraad ee horyaalka waa Geeska Afrika, oo wadamada xubnaha ka ah ay ka mid yihiin Jabuuti iyo Soomaaliya. Labadan dawladood ee Carabta ayaa kala qaybiyay kaliya toban mayl u jirta jasiiradda Carabta ee Bab el Mandeb, taasina si dhakhso ah ayay isu bedeshaa, sida Tarik bin Laden, oo ah walaalkii Osama bin Laden, oo bilaabay dhisidda mashruuc ballaadhan ee mashruuca Horn Horns , kaas oo ugu dambeyntii ujeedkiisu yahay inuu ku xiro Geeska Afrika oo leh Jasiiradda Carabta adoo adeegsanaya buundo weyn. Mashruucan waxaa loogu talagalay in lagu fududeeyo oo la dedejiyo ganacsiga iyo ganacsiga qarniyadii hore ee u dhexeeyay labada gobol. Qaybta ugu dambeysa ee horyaalka waa jasiiradda go'doomin ee Comoros, taas oo aan ku xirnayn dawlad kale oo Carbeed ah, laakiin wali waxay la shaqaysaa xubnaha kale ee Arabic Languages.

Jaamacadda Carabtu waxay hodan ku tahay khayraadka, sida saliid weyn iyo kheyraadka dabiiciga ah ee dalalka xubnaha ka ah. Warshad kale oo si joogta ah u sii kordhaysa ee Jaamacadda Carabtu waa isgaarsiin.

Muddo ka yar 10 sano, shirkadaha maxaliga ah sida Orascom iyo Etisalat waxay ku guuleysteen inay tartan caalami ah sameeyaan.
Horumarka dhaqaale ee ay bilowday Ururka Iskaashatada Wadamada xubnaha ka ah ayaa ka qosol badan kuwii ka soo baxay ururada yar yar ee Carabta sida Golaha Iskaashiga Khaliijka (GCC).

Waxaa ka mid ah Pipeline Arab Pipeline, kaas oo gaas Masar iyo Ciraaq geyn doona Jordan , Syria , Lubnaan, iyo Palestine; Laga soo bilaabo 2013.:• isbeddel muuqda oo ka dhexeeya xaaladaha dhaqaale ayaa ka dhexeeya dalalka saliida ee saliida ee Algeria , Qatar , Kuwait iyo United Arab Emirates , iyo dalalka soo koraya sida Comoros , Jabuuti , Mauritania , Somaliland iyo Eratareya dda.!!

Ururka Jaamacadda Carabtu waa urur siyaasadeed oo isku daya in uu gacan ka geysto sidii loo xoojin lahaa xubnaheeda dhaqaale ahaan, iyo xallinta khilaafaadka ku lug leh dalalka xubnaha ka ah adoon weydiisan kaalmo shisheeye. Waxay leedahay lahjado xubin baarlamaan ah oo wakiil ka ah arrimaha arrimaha dibedda sida badan waxaa lagu maareyn doonaa kormeerka QM.!!'?

Jaangooyada Jaamacadda Carabta [5] waxay taageertay mabda'a dhulkii Carabta iyada oo la ixtiraamayo xushmadnimada dawladaha xubnaha ka ah. Xeerarka gudaha ee Golaha Jaamacadda [20] iyo guddiyada [21] waxay ku heshiiyeen Oktoobar 1951. Xoghaynta Guud waxaa lagu heshiiyay May 1953.

Tan iyo markaas, maamulka Jaamacadda Carabtu waxay ku saleysnaayeen labadii hay'adood ee heer qaran iyo madax-bannaanida wadamada xubnaha ka ah. Ilaalinta dawladnimada shakhsi ahaaneed waxay ka heshay awoodeeda ka soo jeeda dabiiciga dabiiciga ah ee awooda xukunka ah si ay u ilaaliyaan awooddooda iyo madax-bannaanida go'aaminta. Intaa waxaa dheer, cabsida hodanka ah ee saboolka ah ee saboolka ah inuu la wadaagi karo hantidiisa magaca Ummadda Carabta, khilaafyada ka dhexeeya madaxda Carabta, iyo saamaynta awoodaha dibadda ee laga yaabo inay ka soo horjeedaan midnimada Carabta ayaa loo arki karaa caqabado dhinaca isdhexgalka qoto dheer ee horyaal .

File:World Heritage Sites in the Arab World

value:
call:
reading:
source presentation:
previous versions:
Partially protected:

Incomplete-document-purple.svg
This entry must be completed : this entry lacks essential content. You may find details on the conversation page .
You are invited to complete the missing parts and remove this message. Consider creating titles for chapters that require completion, and transfer the template to them.	
editing
Disambiguate RTL.svg The term "Arab" redirects here. For the entry dealing with the island in the Persian Gulf, see Arab (island) .
Arab Muslims
Arabs & Muslims
Al-Khansaa, Al-Khandi, Yohanan of Damascus, Philip the Arab, May Ziada, Asmahan, Gamal Abdel Nasser, Faisal the First
Al-Khansaa , Al-Khandi , Yohanan of Damascus , Philip the Arab , May Ziada , Asmahan , Gamal Abdel Nasser , Faisal the First
population
425 million
Main population concentrations
Arab countries
some of the African
countries see also: Israeli Arabs Languages:
Arabic:
religion:
Islam:
Christianity:
Druze religion:
related ethnic groups:
Celestial peoples: Maltese , Jews , Samaritans and Assyrians .!!'.!!’

Distribution of the Arabic language :

Arabs are a people of Semitic origin and an ethnic group from the Arabian Peninsula . After the emergence of Islam in the 7th century , the Arab population spread in the Middle East and North Africa in a series of waves of migration, conquest and cultural influence. Countries where the Arabs constitute a clear majority of the population are called " Arab countries ". Today, the name is used as a nickname for the natives of these countries, whose mother tongue is Arabic and the vast majority of them are Muslim (most of them Sunni ).

The most common definitions for the name Arabs in thought and literature, in academic research and in the media, are:

Politically : People who are citizens of countries that are members of the Arab League (or in a broader generalization, the Arab world), but not all Arab countries are members of the Arab League and these countries also have non-Arab citizens. This definition includes over 300-450 million people. The Arab Leagues includes several African countries, such as Djibouti , Comoros and Somalia , whose Arabic is one of their official languages ​​but whose inhabitants are not Arabs at all. And there are Arabs who are not citizens of these countries (for example, in the United States , Israel and European countries).
Linguistic: people whose mother tongue is Arabic , or who at least speak Arabic in their daily and personal lives, even if they did not grow up using it.

This definition includes over 200 million people who speak different dialects of the Arabic language.
Ethnic - Genealogical - Racial : Humans who live, or whose ancestors lived in the Arabian Peninsula and whose genetic and physical characteristics are originally characterized mainly by the original inhabitants of the Arabian Peninsula .

Cultural: people who see themselves as Arabs (regardless of ethnic and genealogical origins), whose culture and way of life are Arabs and are recognized as Arabs by others.

The majority of Arabs are Muslims (mostly Sunnis and a minority of Shias’ and members of other minority classes), and a minority of them are Christians , Druze and others.[1]

etymology:
The word "Arab" in this meaning is mentioned in the Bible several times. Thus, for example, the book of Nehemiah mentions the " Arab rain " that some scholars identify with King Kedar .[2]Also in the Book of Kings, "the kings of the evening" are mentioned[3]And it seems that this phrase refers to the rulers of the Arabian Peninsula, with whom King Solomon had trade relations.[4]The word "Arab" also appears in the Bible in the meaning of the inhabitant of the steppe .

In Semitic languages, as a rule, the root A.R.B carries the meanings of: west, sunset (evening), desert (Arab), mix, trade, crow and clear. All or some of them can have a connection to the origin of the name. [ source needed ] It is also possible that the name can have consonants and the origin of the name is actually in the root A.B.R. in connection with their nomadic way of life. [ source required ]

In the Qur'an the word "Arab" does not appear as a noun but only as an adjective, for example, the Qur'an refers to itself as "Arab and clear" when the two attributes are related to each other.

history:
This chapter is lacking. Please contribute to Wikipedia and complete it . You may find details on the conversation page .
BC

The soldiers of the Assyrian Empire defeat "Gindibu, King of Arabia" riding a camel and his soldiers
The first mention of the Arabs in writing is from an Assyrian inscription from 853 BC ( the Necessary Monolith ), in which King Shalmenser III named " Gindibu , King of Arabia" among the rulers he defeated in the Battle of Karkar . Starting from the Assyrian period and following the domestication of the camel, Arab traders played a central role In the trade between the ancient Near East and the Horn of Africa and ancient Yemen .

There is evidence of trade relations of the peoples of the ancient Near East with the kingdoms of the inhabitants of the Arabian Peninsula, the main commercial relation between them was regarding myrrh and frankincense which were used in the perfume industry and were common in the Arabian Peninsula. An ancient Arabic inscription was found in a building from the days of the First Temple in the City of David , which indicates that a Jewish official who knew the language and had relations with one of the Arab kingdoms of the time lived there.

The Nabataeans migrated in a massive migration at the end of the Persian period from the north of the Arabian Peninsula towards the south of Jordan and the Negev , they conquered and assimilated the remains of the Moabites and the Ammonites and pushed the Adomites north to the south of Mount Hebron in the territories of Judea.:•

After counting:
As a general rule, the great empires of the ancient world did not conquer the Arabian Peninsula, unlike the rest of the Middle East, even the Sasanian Empire , which ruled the eastern and southern coasts of the peninsula, did not reach the interior of the country or the western coastal region where the cities of Mecca and Medina are located - apparently for lack of interest economic in this desert region that cannot sustain fertile agriculture .

Before Muhammad's time , the inhabitants of the Arabian Peninsula were idolaters?, Christians? or Jews? (descendants of Jewish exiles from the Land of Israel and also Arabs who converted under their influence, such as the Kingdom of Hamir ).!!’

The period before Muhammad is called in Islamic literature: "The Age of Ignorance", or the "Jahiliyyah" . During this period the inhabitants of the Arabian Peninsula were divided into the northern tribes and the southern tribes. The tribal tradition claimed that the people of the north are the descendants of Adnan and Ishmael , while the people of the south are the descendants of a legendary figure named Qahtan .

When there are those who suggest that Kakhatan is Yakattan son of the biblical past.[6]In the Arabian Peninsula , nomadic tribes ( Bedouins ) and permanent tribes lived. The permanent tribes lived in cities or deserts and engaged in agriculture or trade . Unlike them, the nomadic tribes were engaged in escorting caravans that passed through the peninsula. Later there were also Arab groups who became Christians (see: Christian Arabs).

After the rise of Islam and its consolidation in the Arab kingdoms, Muhammad and his army went north towards the territories of the Byzantine Empire and the Sasanian Empire , which were in a period of depression and enjoyed a lasting peace between them. Muhammad's ambition to conquer the world known until then was blocked in the territories of the Gulf of Eilat , and although he sent a letter to the Jews of Eilat (the Byzantine "doe") in which he ordered them to accept his new religion or prepare for their death, it was precisely Muhammad who met his death three years after declaring Islam as The "religion of truth" to control the other nations.

The Arab conquest of the Land of Israel brought the Arabs to the Land of Israel , but they could not defeat the Byzantine Empire and were helped by Jewish collaborators who were tired of life as an oppressed and persecuted religious and cultural minority in their country and fought alongside the Arabs against the continuation of Byzantine rule.

The Arabs treated the Jews and Christians in the Land of Israel as dhimmis , while the Samaritans , whom Muhammad did not know and therefore did not mention in the Koran as monotheists , were forced to convert to Islam by the force of the sword or die, and when they refused, they almost led to their destruction.

After the Arab conquest of the Middle East , Arabs who migrated from the Arabian Peninsula spread to the occupied space: The Levant , Egypt and the Maghreb Greater countries .

Later in the course of history, on the one hand, the majority of the conquered peoples began to see themselves as "Arabs" as well, even if it was only a cultural issue due to the Islamization of their country and people without blood ties to the Arab conquerors, and on the other hand, the immigration of Muslim pilgrims of non-Arab origin began The lands that were conquered towards the Arabian Peninsula for religious reasons etc. were assimilated into the local Arab population. The Arab-Muslim conquest also expanded into Europe , with the conquest of Spain by the Moors .!!'?'!

see also
Islam:
Judaism-Islam relations;
Israeli Arabs:
for further reading:
Bernard Lewis , The Arabs in History , Tel Aviv: Dvir Publishing , 1995.
Albert Hourani , History of the Arab Nations , Tel Aviv: Dvir Publishing, 1996.
Pierre Vidal-Naka (ed.), From the Arab Conquest to Imperial Islam, in: The History of the World from the Dawn of Mankind to the Present , Tel Aviv: Yediot Ahronoth Publishing; 993,pp. 7-10. aurchive
Forigh Ministry of Saudi Arabia.
Prince Saud Al-Fasiel. House of Al Saud Family….!!’?’…

[ 2 ] .:•

Cite error: Closing </ref> missing for <ref> tag .:

[ 3 ] .:•

December 25, 2017
Special Dispatch No. 7246

Iraqi Kurdish leader Masoud Barzani's September 25, 2017 referendum on Kurdish independence sparked vehement opposition in Arab countries, as was expressed in statements by leaders and also by many articles in the Arab press. The main argument raised was that the Kurds are a tool of Israel – which is working to divide Iraq, and after that the rest of the Arab countries. As proof of this, they cited the Kurds' good relations with Israel and the fact that Israel is the only country that supports them.
Along with this opposition, the Arab press also published a few articles defending the Kurds' right to independence and criticizing those who opposed it. These articles rejected the conspiracy theory – i.e. that Israel was backing the referendum, with the aim of dismantling an Arab country – and noted that the Arabs' refusal to tackle their own domestic problems posed more of a danger than Israel did. They also said that those who oppose the Kurdish referendum in the name of Arab unity and the Palestinian problem have made other mistakes over the years – such as also supporting Nazism and Communism. This, while they themselves were doing nothing for the Palestinians, and were even causing harm to the Palestinians within their own countries' borders.

Iraqi Kurds wave Israeli flag along with Kurdistan flag. Image: Aljazeera.net, October; 2017

Arab Writers: It Is Not Israel That Created The Kurdish Problem, But Rather The Arab Regimes That Denied Their Rights.

Jordanian journalist Fahd Al-Khitan wrote in the daily Al-Ghad under the title "It Is Not a Conspiracy": "The Arab logic immediately came up with a Zionist conspiracy as an explanation for the Kurds' insistence on seceding from Iraq and on holding a referendum several weeks ago. Proof of this conspiracy exists in abundance, since Israel effectively supported the Kurdish demand [for independence] and has been cultivating ties with certain Kurdish elements since the days of yore. But can the historic cause of the Kurds, which exists since before the founding of Israel, be reduced to this marginal fact?

"Israel exploits regional crises to promote its own interests, that much is certain, and Arab and [other] regional forces do the same. We can present many exsamples of border disputes and political conflicts between states that have been exploited by Arab and foreign countries, [such as the conflicts] between Iran and Iraq, between Bahrain and Qatar, between Egypt and Sudan, and the Sahara conflict between Morocco and Algeria. These are all real problems, and the lack of willingness to resolve and settle them gives foreign forces an opportunity to exploit them for their own interests.

"Israel did not create the Kurdish problem. The problem of the Kurds in Iraq, Syria, Turkey and Iran is a flagrant national product of countries and regimes that denied the legitimate national rights of the [Kurdish] people. Like any oppressed and persecuted nation, the Kurds are trying to enlist support for their cause, regardless of any other consideration. If Israel has indeed managed to infiltrate the Kurdish [ranks], this is nothing but a demonstration of the Arabs' failure to address their legitimate cause, and proof of the fragility of the Arabs' national security, which is breached from every direction – by Israel and by other forces. So don't blame it all on the Kurds.

"The perception of the Kurdish issue involves no small measure of radical nationalism, for there is a strange insistence on merging the various components [of our societies] into an exclusively Arab identity, and on denying the right of non-Arabs to express their national and cultural identity. Whoever lifts up his head and demands his rights is [immediately] accused of serving Israel. Is Israel also behind the referendum in Catalonia? Several days ago, some regions in Italy [likewise] announced their wish to hold a referendum on secession, [but] we did not hear anyone in Italy accusing Israel and Zionism of being behind this move. And what about Britain, whose people voted to leave the European Union? Can Israel, which was created thanks to a British promise [the Balfour Declaration], be behind this as well? If Israel is really motivating the Kurds and pushing them to conspire against the Arab nation, why did the U.S., Israel's number one ally in the world, oppose Israel's will and interests and reject the referendum?

"Using this warped national logic, we avoid dealing with our problems in the Arab world . We have made a habit of blaming others for our failure, not only in the Kurdish issue but in all the challenges we have faced, before and since the establishment of Israel . ] Israel is no doubt the greatest enemy of the nation, but the enemy within is much more dangerous.

"In the collapsing countries of the east, as well as in the old democracies, a desire for secession and independence is emerging. This is a great challenge for both the Arab reasoning and the Western reasoning, and confronting it requires creative and innovative thinking."[1]

Lebanese Journalist: Why Do All Those Who Fought For The Palestinians' Right Of Self Determination Deny The Same Right To The Kurds?

Lebanese journalist and political analyst Hazem Saghiya wrote in his column in the London-based Saudi daily Al-Hayat: "The minute [Kurdish leader] Masoud Barzani announced the decision to hold a referendum [on Kurdish independence], condemnations began to be heard of [the Kurds'] love of Israel: 'you are allies, partners and even agents of Israel.' Some people started digging into history – or even inventing it – in an effort to prove that the situation of the two sides [the Israelis and the Kurds] is identical... [The right to establish] an independent Palestinian state is a right that no reasonable person contests. Ideally, anyone who [demands] rights of his own should support and identify with all the just causes in the world. [But] the political reality does not always [correspond] to this ideal, for in the name of national rights, independence and hostility to Jewish immigration, most Arabs showed solidarity with Hitler and Nazism, and later, in the name of the very same rights, [they also] showed solidarity with the Soviet Gulag regime... These are positions that do not respect people's rights and even undermine them. Moreover, to this day, apologizing for them has not become a prominent part of Arab culture or ideology...

"Iraqis who now holler about the friendship between the Kurds and Israel did not hesitate to treat the Palestinians in the worst possible manner. This happened immediately after the 2003 war [in Iraq], and the Iraqis and Palestinians still remember it... We [also] know that, in Syria and Lebanon, the impassioned calls to advance the Palestinian cause coincide with the most despicable treatment of Palestinians. How did the war on the [Palestinian refugee] camps[2] during the 1980s help the Palestinians liberate Palestine?!

"The Palestinians' own behavior has not always been characterized by the justice in whose name they constantly speak, for they expressed sympathy for Saddam Hussein's attack on Kuwait and later for Assad's suppression of the Syrian majority that rose up in demand of freedom. They took part in the civil wars in Jordan and Lebanon, and their crimes against the rights of the Lebanese and Jordanians are comparable to the crimes of the Lebanese and Jordanians against their rights... So why are only the Kurds required to remain within the framework of a perfect correspondence between politics and justice? Or perhaps what is permitted to the master is not permitted to his slave?...

"As for the Kurds and Israel, the Hebrew state was the only one that welcomed the Kurdish referendum. It probably welcomed it for reasons that were less than noble, having to do entirely with its own [interests], but it did so while others all over the region were [threateningly] baring their teeth at the Kurds. In this situation, can the Kurds be expected to burn the Israeli flag? What have we Arabs done for the Kurds that we can expect them to hate Israel with a passion?...

"Moreover, since the Saddam Hussein era, the Palestinian cause has been used more than any other cause [as a means] to undermine the Kurdish issue and the Kurds' right [to independence], just as Bashar Al-Assad later used the Palestinian cause [to combat] the Syrians' [attempts] to oust his regime. Obviously, such conduct leaves psychological effects and scars in its victims, especially when no Palestinian voices are heard loudly condemning and opposing this use [of their cause].

"The obvious conclusion is that, in this region, we have what can be described as a mechanism of blackmail by means of [accusations of collaboration with] Israel. The Lebanese Christians know better than anyone else how they were subjected to such blackmail during the years of Syrian patronage [over Lebanon], and even the Palestinian leadership itself was not spared [this blackmail] when it tried to take its own national decisions, independently of the will of the Assad regime..."[3]

Al-Hayat Columnist: The Claims Against The Kurds Have Been Disproved

Hazem Al-Amin, another Lebanese columnist for the Saudi daily Al-Hayat, wrote cynically: "The Kurds' celebrations last month [over the referendum results] included waving Israeli flags – which pan-Arab eyes saw and made part of the Kurdish aspiration for independence. [They called the Kurdish state] 'an artificial state that is analogous to Israel.' Those with wounded pan-Arab sentiment have gone too far, [arguing that] not only is the future [Kurdish] state a product of Israel, but that it is also a partner in Tel Aviv's creation of ISIS, and wishes that the 200,000 Kurdish Jews in Israel will return to it. [They say] that the future [Kurdish] state is part of the Zionist plan to dismantle the region into small entities based on ethnicity and sect...

"Much can be said against the independence referendum... but it also had an upside, because it made the Arabs expend tremendous energy on writing nonsense, as they haven't done in a long time. [This] revealed that the Ba'th [party], including its branches in Iraq and Syria, is not a random, fleeting phenomenon in the pan-Arab sentiment, but is fundamental; that ISIS is its cousin and suckled the same milk; and that the Arab defeat throughout the conflict with Israel is the result of ignoring the truth. Anyone who says that the Kurds want 200,000 Kurdish Jews to return to Kurdistan from Israel fails to notice that they [the Kurds], by means of their activity that stems from delusions, will in fact restore the situation to what it used to be, and will serve Palestine by correcting the mistake of the pan-Arabism of Rashid 'Ali Al-Kilani[4] and his nationalist Arab cohorts,[5] which motivated them to raid the Jews in Baghdad and send them to Israel with the aid of the Jewish Agency.

"While pan-Arabism is forgiven for having abandoned Palestine, the Kurds are not forgiven for waving the Israeli flag at a moment of national intoxication... After all, they are Kurds, and they have no right to anger or mistakes, just as they are not allowed to dream of a state that was taken from them over a century ago. If they make a mistake, then [Hizbullah secretary-general] Mr. [Hassan] Nasrallah will come out to remind them that he will stand against any plan by [any] religious stream that divides the nation – when he [Nasrallah himself] apparently wants to unite [the nation] under the flag of the Rule of the Jurisprudent [of the Iranian regime] that has no connection to any [Sunni] religious stream...

"ISIS too, which according to the offspring [of Rashid 'Ali Al-Kilani and Hajj Amin Al-Husseini] sold Iraqi territories to Israel via Kurdish middlemen, found a place in the version [of reality] of the opponents of the Kurdish state. According to the latter, ISIS is not Arab and does not belong to the Ba'th, [but rather] is Kurdish and Israeli. The offspring of Rashid Al-Kilani have in their possession documents proving this, that they sent to Mr. Nasrallah; he will reveal them in his next speech...

"The Shi'ite Iraqi forces – once the allies of the Kurds in Iraq, in the post-Saddam era – united in a religious alliance [with Shi'ite Iran] that has no place for the Kurds' aspirations. And lo, they remind the Kurds of the Arabism of Kirkuk [which is actually Kurdish], while forsaking the Arabism of [the Shi'ite] Al-Najaf and of Karbala, and turning [the Sunni] Mosul, after its liberation from ISIS, into an Iranian metropolis. All this does not harm the offspring of Rashid 'Ali Al-Kilani [i.e. the Iraqis], as long as it is done by a strong tyrant [such as Saddam]. But the weak, such as the Kurds, have no right to dream of a state."[6]

[1] Al-Ghad (Jordan), October 22, 2017.
[2] This refers to a campaign waged by the Amal militia against the Palestinian refugee camps in Lebanon during the civil war in 1985-1986. Thousands of Palestinians were killed in the battles, and the Sabra, Shatila and Burj Al-Barajna refugee camps were almost completely destroyed, although Amal never managed to take over the camps.

[3] Al-Hayat (London), October 3, 2017.

[4] Iraqi politician Rashid 'Ali Al-Kilani (1892-1965), three-time Iraqi prime minister, led the 1941 rebellion that prompted the British to invade Iraq; in June of that year the Farhud, or pogrom, against the Jews of Baghdad took place. Al-Kilani fled to Nazi Germany, and was known for his connections to the Nazis and to Jerusalem Mufti Hajj Amin Al-Husseini.

[5] A reference to the Arab nationalist movement, founded in Beirut in the 1920s.

[6] Al-Hayat (London), October 3, 2017.

[ 5 ] .:

[ 6 ] .::•

[ 7 ] .:•

[ 8 ] .::•
